Admissions
Undergraduate admissions
Application Guide
Undergraduate admissions
Application Guide
Application Guide
We recommend that you go through the
Admission Requirements
before starting your application.
We only accept application made through the
SUTD Admissions System
. Please submit only one electronic application form as duplicate applications will not be processed.
You may refer to this step-by-step guide to prepare the information and documents needed for the application.
Steps
Details
Personal particulars
Fill out your personal information accurately.
Key in your full name and nationality as per your NRIC, Passport or Birth Certificate.
UPLOAD
a copy of the front and back of your NRIC (for Singapore Citizens, Singapore Permanent Residents) or Passport particulars page (for International Students).
Contact information
Provide a valid email address (at least 12 months from registration).
Provide a valid contact number.
Academic qualification
Provide details of your academic grades.
UPLOAD
Academic Transcripts and Certificates (at secondary/junior high and senior high school levels).
Supplementary results
This section is optional except for certain International Qualifications.
Key in any additional test results, e.g. English proficiency test, if any or as required.
UPLOAD
a copy of the official test result, if any or as required.
Personal insight questions
Please provide your responses to the personal insight questions to present new and additional information that will be helpful for your application.
Recommendation/ Testimonial
List up to two referees and their contact details. Your referee(s) should be persons who know you well academically (e.g. your teacher from High School/Polytechnic) or professionally (your internship or work supervisor) and for at least half a year recently. Do seek your referee(s)’ consent before listing them.
UPLOAD
your school or any other relevant testimonial(s)/recommendation letter(s).
Outstanding/ Relevant achievements
List your past experiences in leadership, involvement in relevant research/ internship/ entrepreneurship programmes, community service, and significant achievements that you consider to be most important. These experiences and achievements should be within the last four years.
UPLOAD
the supporting documents (e.g. SGC) for the achievements listed above.
Share any other interesting information about yourself such as your hobbies and interests. You may submit URLs to your videos on social media websites, such as YouTube.
You may also include your relevant work experiences (if any)
Other information
Indicate your interest in one of the majors.
If applicable,
share details of your enrolment in another University
declare any past convictions of a criminal offence
share if you require any special assistance and/or facilities to support your disability, impairment or medical condition.
Scholarships and financial aid
Declare your gross monthly household income
Indicate if you wish to apply for
scholarships administered by SUTD (inclusive of donor-sponsored scholarships
) and/or
financial aid
; and answer the questions to support your scholarships and/or financial aid application(s).
Special programmes
This section is optional.
Indicate if you wish to apply for any of our
special programmes
If you are applying for more than one special programme, you will be required to rank them in order of preference. For SUTD-Duke-NUS Special Track, the review will be done after your acceptance to SUTD.
Tuition Grant
Singapore Citizens to put in a declaration for
Tuition Grant
.
Singapore Permanent Residents and International Students to indicate intention to apply for
Tuition Grant
.
Declaration
Indicate declaration that information provided in the application is accurate.
Survey
We value your feedback so we can continue to do better. Your responses will help us identify opportunities for improvement in our application processes and user experience.