…
Undergraduate admissions
Local Diploma
Criteria for admission
Local Diploma
Local Diploma
Regardless of your nationality, if you are applying with a diploma from one of the following polytechnics or institutions in Singapore, you may refer to the admission requirements below and apply using this application form.
Applications for 2026 are closed.
See you in 2027.
Criteria for admission
Application timeline
Criteria for admission
Regardless of your nationality, if you are applying with a diploma from one of the following polytechnics or institutions in Singapore, you may refer to the admission requirements below and apply using
this application form
.
Nanyang Polytechnic
Ngee Ann Polytechnic
Republic Polytechnic
Singapore Polytechnic
Temasek Polytechnic
BCA Academy
LASALLE College of the Arts
Nanyang Academy of Fine Arts (NAFA)
Institute of Technical Education (Work-Study Diploma [WSDip])
Diploma considerations
Diplomas from
Engineering
,
Computing
,
Information Technology
,
Artificial Intelligence
,
Architecture
and
Sciences
are most relevant
However, other diplomas may be considered on a case-by-case basis.
Subject performance
More than just your GPA, performance in the relevant subjects, such as
Engineering and Computing Mathematics
, is also considered.
Grades in advanced modules are considered favourably.
Mathematics and Science requirements
A strong grade in
Additional Mathematics and a Science subject (Physics or Chemistry) at the O-Level
or equivalent is favourable.
Final semester applicants
Submit results from all your previous semesters and upload your final transcript when available.
Student profile
As a guide, the University has provided the following reference data to help prospective applicants make an informed choice in applying to the university. Of the Polytechnic students who were offered in the university admission exercise in 2025:
Most of our offers are for those whose diplomas are closely aligned with SUTD’s programmes, such as Engineering, Computing, Information Technology, Artificial Intelligence, Architecture and Sciences.
Most have strong results in STEM subjects, as well as project/studio components.
And had also taken the Singapore-Cambridge GCE O-Level, most had scored As or Bs in Mathematics (Additional Mathematics and/or Mathematics) and Sciences (Physics and/or Chemistry).
Notwithstanding the above, if you have a very strong interest in the SUTD experience and think you are an excellent fit for us, we welcome your application.
Please note that SAT and AP scores are optional. Do visit the
US College Board website
for details and registration. You should indicate 6532 (SUTD Institution Code) on your SAT registration forms, so that the scores will be sent directly to us by the US College Board.
Males enlisting in National Service between May to October may be able to matriculate with SUTD in September, two years later, as long as you are not ahead of your age cohort, and subject to MINDEF’s approval.
More details can be found here
.
Online application form
For each University Admissions Exercise, we only accept one application from you made through our online application form. Duplicate applications will not be processed.
You may refer to the
overview of the online application process
for more information.
What's next
Find out more
Frequently asked questions
Can a local polytechnic student apply with only 5 semesters results? Will those applying with a full set of Poly results have an advantage?
If you are currently in your final semester, you can apply by submitting results from your first five semesters during the
application window
, and upload your final transcript
within three days upon receipt
. There will not be any advantage accorded to either groups applying with five semesters or full diploma results.
Does SUTD accept PFP instead of GCE O-Level results for admission?
We do consider your PFP results. In addition, we will also take into consideration your performance in relevant modules in the diploma, e.g. Engineering/Computing Mathematics, in our evaluation of your application for admissions.
What are your minimum CGPA requirements?
We do not impose a minimum CGPA requirement, as we evaluate all applications on a comprehensive basis. Beyond your CGPA, we also consider how you performed in relevant subjects, e.g. Engineering/Computing Mathematics.
Your grades in the advanced modules will also be taken into consideration. You should also possess a good pass in your Additional Mathematics and Science subjects, i.e. Physics or Chemistry, in the GCE O-Level or equivalent qualification.
Are all diplomas accepted for admission?
Generally, diplomas from the School of Engineering, Information Technology, Architecture or Sciences are considered more relevant to SUTD’s courses and hence will be assessed more favourably for admission. However, other diplomas may still be considered on a case-by-case basis.
Can’t find what you need?
View all FAQs
Ask admissions
Submit an enquiry or schedule a call with our friendly admissions team.
Reach out to us
Take a virtual tour
Step through your screen and into SUTD, with immersive 360° views of our campus.
Take the tour