…
Undergraduate admissions
Local Diploma
Application timeline
Local Diploma
Local Diploma
Regardless of your nationality, if you are applying with a diploma from one of the following polytechnics or institutions in Singapore, you may refer to the admission requirements below and apply using this application form.
Applications for 2026 are closed.
See you in 2027.
Criteria for admission
Application timeline
Application timeline
Application period
For local Diploma applicants, the application period is
from 2 January
to
2 March 2026
.
Application Timeline
1. Apply
Submit the
online application form
for admission and scholarship within the stipulated application window.
2. Conversation
If selected, you will be notified (latest by end April) to attend an in-person or online conversation session with SUTD faculty/leader.
3. Outcome
Receive an email notification by mid-May to log in to
SUTD Admissions System
to view the outcome of your application.
4. Acceptance
Refer to instructions in your offer letter to accept the offer by the stipulated deadline.
5. Matriculation
Look out for the email notification on the on-boarding and matriculation process.
What's next
Find out more
Frequently asked questions
Can a local polytechnic student apply with only 5 semesters results? Will those applying with a full set of Poly results have an advantage?
If you are currently in your final semester, you can apply by submitting results from your first five semesters during the
application window
, and upload your final transcript
within three days upon receipt
. There will not be any advantage accorded to either groups applying with five semesters or full diploma results.
Does SUTD accept PFP instead of GCE O-Level results for admission?
We do consider your PFP results. In addition, we will also take into consideration your performance in relevant modules in the diploma, e.g. Engineering/Computing Mathematics, in our evaluation of your application for admissions.
What are your minimum CGPA requirements?
We do not impose a minimum CGPA requirement, as we evaluate all applications on a comprehensive basis. Beyond your CGPA, we also consider how you performed in relevant subjects, e.g. Engineering/Computing Mathematics.
Your grades in the advanced modules will also be taken into consideration. You should also possess a good pass in your Additional Mathematics and Science subjects, i.e. Physics or Chemistry, in the GCE O-Level or equivalent qualification.
Are all diplomas accepted for admission?
Generally, diplomas from the School of Engineering, Information Technology, Architecture or Sciences are considered more relevant to SUTD’s courses and hence will be assessed more favourably for admission. However, other diplomas may still be considered on a case-by-case basis.
Can’t find what you need?
View all FAQs
Ask admissions
Submit an enquiry or schedule a call with our friendly admissions team.
Reach out to us
Take a virtual tour
Step through your screen and into SUTD, with immersive 360° views of our campus.
Take the tour