---------------------------
What should I do if I missed the main financial aid application?

The main financial aid application cycle takes place once a year. However, there are also ad-hoc application cycles for the
Government Bursaries
. Students will be notified on the application windows via email.
Eligible applicants are entitled to receive Government Bursaries only once in each academic year.
Reapplication is required every year.
Students who have been awarded Government Bursaries under the main application cycle
do not
have to re-apply during the ad-hoc application cycles for the Government Bursaries within the same calendar year.

---------------------------
When can I start applying for financial aid?

Incoming Students:
For students admitting in the impending intake, application for financial aid may be made upon being selected for a conversation with SUTD faculty/leader. Students who have a place reserved for future intakes may apply for financial aid in the year of your matriculation.
Existing Students:
The main financial aid application cycle is usually held at the start of the year. Students will be notified on the application window via email.
All students will be assessed on your eligibility for
Government Bursaries
,
SUTD Education Opportunity Grant (SEOG)
*
and/or
SUTD-administered Study/Bursary Awards
/
Special Programme/Grants
.
*The grant from the SEOG may comprise donor-supported EOGs and/or donor bursary awards. Funding for hostel fees is only applicable for the Freshmore terms where hostel stay is compulsory.

---------------------------
How do I apply for financial aid at SUTD?

Incoming Students:
via
Admissions Portal
Existing Students:
via
MyPortal
More information on
financial aid can be found here
.

---------------------------
I sat for the GCE A-Level examination in 2024 or earlier. Will I be allowed to use H2 KI as one of my H2 content-based subjects in the UAS computation when I apply to SUTD in AY2026 or later?

Applicants who had sat for the GCE A-Level examinations in 2024 or earlier and offered H2 Knowledge & Inquiry (KI) in lieu of H1 General Paper (GP)
will not
be allowed to use H2 KI as a H2 content-based subject in the UAS computation as the H2 KI grade will be required to fulfil the H1 GP requirement under the revised UAS computation.

---------------------------
If I sat for the GCE A-Level examinations in 2024 or earlier, will I lose out to my peers with the revised UAS computation method when applying to SUTD?

Admission to SUTD is based on open competition and merit. SUTD assesses applicants holistically, taking into consideration both academic and non-academic aspects.

---------------------------
I sat for the GCE A-Level examinations in 2024 or earlier. How will my UAS be computed if I apply for admission to SUTD in AY2026 or later?

For admission in AY2026 and AY2027
For applicants who sat for the GCE A-Level examination in 2024 or earlier, their PW, as well as H1 and H2 content-based subject grades will be taken into consideration for UAS computation, as per current practice. Applicants who offered H2 KI can use it in lieu of H1 GP and the H1 content-based subject in UAS computation. Their UAS will be computed on the existing 90-point scale and proportionately weighted to the revised 70-point scale.
For admissions from AY2028
Regardless of the year of GCE A-Level examination, applicants’ UAS will be computed using the revised 70-point scale.
The PW grade will not be considered in the UAS computation from AY2028. An applicant would be considered to have met the requirement for admission if he/she presents a Pass grade in PW. If an applicant had previously offered H2 Knowledge & Inquiry (KI) in lieu of H1 General Paper (GP), the H2 KI grade will be considered as the H1 GP grade in the revised UAS computation from AY2028.

---------------------------
Can I choose the method to compute my UAS (based on current or revised A-Level curriculum)?

The method to compute UAS will depend on the year the applicant sat for the GCE A-Level examinations and the year of application. Applicants will not be able to select the UAS computation method.

---------------------------
I am a private candidate/I have been exempted from PW. Do I need to offer PW to gain entry into SUTD?

Private candidates or students who have been exempted from PW are not subject to the requirement to have a Pass in PW.

---------------------------
Will I be eligible for SUTD admission if I fail Project Work (PW)?

From AY2026,
all applicants presenting local GCE A-Level qualifications will need to present a Pass grade in PW to be eligible for admission.
From the 2024 JC1/PU2 cohort, should a student fail PW but is promoted to JC2/PU3, the junior college/Millennia Institute (JC/MI) will assess on a case-by-case basis whether to offer the option to re-take PW in JC2/PU3.
Students who fail PW and are also not promoted to JC2/PU3, will have to offer PW again.

---------------------------
Do I need to offer a contrasting subject? Will the contrasting subject be considered in the UAS?

Yes, there is no change to the contrasting subject requirement at the GCE A-Level examinations. Students will be required to offer four content-based A-Level subjects of which at least three must be H2 subjects, and at least one must be a contrasting subject from outside their area of specialisation (i.e., subject from the Mathematics & Science domain for students in the Arts stream, and subject from the Humanities & Arts domain for students in the Science stream) that may be offered at either H1 or H2.
From AY2026 AU admissions,
the fourth H1/H2 content-based subject (which may be a contrasting subject) will only be included in the computation of UAS if it improves the score for students who sat for the GCE A-Level examinations in 2025 and after.