---------------------------
Do I have to apply for the Tertiary Student EZ-Link Concession card on my own or will the school help students with the application?

You will need to apply for the Tertiary Student Concession card from TransitLink to enjoy the concession rate.
The university will provide more information on the application period at a later date.

---------------------------
How do I open a DBS account if I am overseas?

You can apply for the DBS super campus card after you arrive in Singapore.

---------------------------
Is the DBS Super campus card compulsory and is there any annual fee?

Yes, the card is compulsory for SUTD students. It is an all-in-one card that acts as your SUTD Student Identification card, Campus Access card, Visa Debit card, ATM card, NETS card and EZ-Link card. There are no annual fees for the DBS SUTD Visa Debit Card.
Students are required to have an existing DBS Bank Account before applying for the campus card. You may choose not to activate the ATM function upon receiving the debit card.
This card
does not
include concessionary rates for public transport. You are advised to apply for the
Tertiary Student EZ-Link Concession card
from TransitLink separately to enjoy the concession rate.
The university will provide more information on the Tertiary Student EZ-Link Concession card application period at a later date.

---------------------------
Will there be any orientation for Freshmores?

Yes, do refer to the
Academic Calendar
for the Freshmore Orientation dates. More details on the orientation activities can be found in the Freshmen Guide, which will be sent to incoming freshmores by Office of Student Administration.

---------------------------
I’m an international student. Am I required to apply for a Student Pass and when can I do so?

International Students who have accepted SUTD’s admission offer will need to apply for a Student’s Pass (STP). This can only be done not more than 2 months before the commencement of course. You will need to submit STP application to the Immigration & Checkpoints Authority (ICA) as soon as possible upon receiving the registration details from SUTD via email. Successful applicants will receive an In-Principle Approval for STP (STP-IPA).
If you are a Dependant’s Pass (DP) holder, you are still required to apply for an STP. However, if the duration of the course is shorter than the duration of the DP, you may opt to be issued a Letter of Consent (LOC) to study in SUTD. As a DP holder requesting for an LOC to study in SUTD, you must indicate your intention in the remarks column in the ICA eForm16.

---------------------------
When would I be receiving matriculation details, including information on laptop requirements/ purchases etc?

The Office of Student Administration (OSA) will be sending out an Online Matriculation Exercise (OMEx) guide when you are informed to start OMEx:
in Dec (for returning NSmen who would like to matriculate earlier in January of your intake year); or
in June (for other students matriculating in the same year).
This guide details the administrative procedures and required documents to complete the online matriculation.
Subsequently in August, OSA will send out a Freshmen Guide to provide more information about matriculation and start of term in September. Laptop promotional deals will also be released in August.
You may contact the Office of Student Administration at
studentadmin@sutd.edu.sg
or 6499 4060 if you have specific queries relating to the procedures, forms, etc.
Note: Find out more details regarding the benefits of
early matriculation
.

---------------------------
When is the start of term/ Academic Year?

Please refer to our
academic calendar
. From AY2020 onwards, the start of term for each cohort will be in September.

---------------------------
If I have not been shortlisted/were not successful in my application for the special programmes, will that hurt my chances for admission into the university?

In the event that you are not successful in your application for the special programmes, you will automatically be considered for our single degree programmes, and will not be disadvantaged.

---------------------------
When is the application window to apply for special programmes? Is there a second window for SUTD students to apply for the programmes after they have enrolled in the university?

The special programmes are available for application at the point of your application for admission to the university. There is no second application window for SHARP. However, if you have been offered and accepted a place in SUTD, you may
indicate your interest to apply for the SUTD-Duke-NUS Special Track here
by mid-June, if you had not done so earlier. As the number of places for special programmes are limited, they are also highly competitive.

---------------------------
How do I apply for your special programmes (SUTD-DUKE-NUS Special Track/SHARP) and what are the admission requirements?

You will need to indicate your intention to apply for either of these special programmes in the online application via SUTD Admissions Portal.
Relevant admission requirements can be found at the following corresponding pages:
SUTD-Duke-NUS Special Track
SHARP
You can apply for a maximum of two special programmes, and will be required to rank the programmes in order of your preference.
Applicants who are shortlisted for SHARP will be informed of the programme you are shortlisted for, and the specific selection process prior to your interview. For SUTD-Duke-NUS Special Track, applicants must have accepted SUTD’s admission offer first before you can be shortlisted for the conditional admission interview at Duke-NUS.