---------------------------
What should I submit for my personal portfolio? What does SUTD look out for?

Your personal portfolio should demonstrate your relevant attributes and showcase accomplishments in your interest areas, such as (though not exhaustive): completing external courses in your area of interest (e.g. programming), participating and winning external competitions (e.g. hackathons, IT bug bounty hunt, etc.), personal achievements (coding your own app to solve a problem, starting your own business venture, etc.) or even how you succeeded against all odds in the face of adversity. Through these, we hope to gain a better understanding of you as an individual, and assess if you have the traits to flourish in SUTD.

---------------------------
What are the Mother Tongue Language (MTL) requirements for Singapore Citizens (SC)/Permanent Residents (SPR) presenting international qualifications?

All SCs and SPRs
are required to fulfil the MTL requirement for admission into full-time publicly-funded undergraduate programmes in the local Autonomous Universities (AUs).
You may apply for admission with no prejudice to your application even if you have not fulfilled the MTL requirement, but will be required to fulfil the MTL requirement during your course of study if accepted into the programme.
More information can be found
here
.

---------------------------
What are your admission requirements/ cut-off points for the undergraduate degree programmes?

SUTD practises a common admission selection regardless of your programme interest, as all SUTD students will be taking
common modules in the first year
. You will get to choose your major and are guaranteed your choice at the end of Term 3 without any prerequisites other than passing all your Freshmore modules.
We consider all applications comprehensively, taking into account your academic preparedness as well as your traits, qualities, passion and aspiration for fit with SUTD. For the former, students with strong competency in Mathematics and the Sciences (specifically Physics or Chemistry) are generally preferred. For the latter, through your participation in co-curricular activities, accomplishments, teacher’s recommendations, and responses to our personal insight questions, we hope to gain a better understanding of you as an individual, and if you have the attributes to flourish in SUTD. All shortlisted candidates will also be invited to an interview – so we can get to know you beyond what your online application is telling us.
Admission is subject to merit and fair competition amongst applicants.
For more details on the specific requirements, please refer to the respective webpages:
Qualification
Singapore Cambridge GCE A-Levels
Local Polytechnic Diploma
International Baccalaureate Diploma
NUS High School Diploma
International Qualifications

---------------------------
How can I apply for a scholarship if I am not offered one at admission?

Students will receive email notifications whenever there are SUTD-administered mid-term scholarships open for application. You can submit an application if you meet the stipulated criteria.
Do note that these scholarships are limited in numbers and are awarded on the basis of competition among eligible applicants. For International Students, scholarships generally cover up to the tuition fees for a Singapore Citizen unless specified otherwise.
Alternatively, you may consider applying for
external scholarships
.

---------------------------
What are the terms and conditions of the scholarships?

The terms and conditions of the various SUTD-administered scholarships are available on the
respective scholarship pages
.
Scholarship recipients will also receive the scholarship agreement which details the terms and conditions when school term starts.`

---------------------------
How do I apply for scholarships at SUTD?

Information on
SUTD-administered scholarships can be found here
. In your online application for admission, simply check the box in the section on Scholarships to indicate your interest to apply. If you have financial need, you may wish to improve your chances of securing a scholarship with a higher quantum of support by separately applying for financial aid (those enrolling in the immediate year will receive an email invite to apply for financial support upon receiving the admission offer notification).
Students who demonstrate academic excellence, leadership qualities, special talents, good moral character and strong community spirit, could be recognised and rewarded with distinguished scholarships awarded by SUTD, generous donors and sponsor corporations.
Do note that these scholarships are limited in numbers and are awarded on the basis of competition among eligible applicants. For International Students, scholarships generally cover up to the tuition fees for a Singapore Citizen.

---------------------------
How do I apply for the SUTD Community Grant (SCG)?

Students need not submit applications for this grant. Eligible students will be notified via email.

---------------------------
Am I eligible for the SUTD Community Grant (SCG)?

Please refer to the
SUTD Community Grant page
for the eligibility criteria.

---------------------------
Are students required to participate in internships while studying at SUTD?

All SUTD undergraduates are required to complete a 16-week internship. More information on
SUTD’s career services can be found here
.

---------------------------
Do any of the courses offer direct honours?

SUTD uses the cumulative Grade Point Average (CGPA) criteria based on a 5.0 system to recognise our students’ academic excellence. Students who graduate with a CGPA of 3.0 and above will be awarded an honours based on the degree classification in the table below, while those graduating with a CGPA below 3.0 and above 2.0 will receive a Pass classification (without honours).
CGPA Range
Class of Honours
4.50 and above/5.00
Honours with Highest Distinction
4.00 – 4.49/5.00
Honours with Distinction
3.50 – 3.99/5.00
Honours with Merit
3.00 – 3.49/5.00
Honours
2.00 – 2.99/5.00
Pass