---------------------------
Is either SAT or IELTS score submission compulsory for admission? Is there any minimum requirement?

Submission of either IELTS, TOEFL, SAT, Pearson Test of English Academic (PTE Academic), ACT scores or C1 Advanced is compulsory for applicants who are presenting qualifications where English is not the medium of instruction.
There is no prescribed minimum score as your application will be reviewed comprehensively based on both academic and non-academic achievements.

---------------------------
I have not received my exam results yet. Can I apply with my predicted results, and if yes, when should I do so?

If you will only receive your actual/final results latest by August of the application year, you may submit an admission application with your latest semester/predicted results instead.
Please refer to the respective qualification webpages for the detailed requirements and application timelines:
UK, Hong Kong and Brunei A-Level Certificates
Australian Qualifications
India Standard 12
Indonesian Ijazah SMA
Indonesian Ujian Nasional (UN)
International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma
(For applicants from international schools in Singapore or schools outside of Singapore)
Malaysia Unified Examination Certificate (UEC)
Myanmar Matriculation Examination
Philippines High School Certificate
PRC National College Entrance Exam (NCEE)
Sijil Tinggi Persekolahan Malaysia (STPM)
Thailand Certificate of Secondary Education (Mathayom 6)
US High School Diploma
Vietnam High School Graduation Examination
Other International Qualifications
Subsequently, should you accept our offer, you will have to submit your actual/final results within 3 days following the official release date.

---------------------------
Do I need to authorise the International Baccalaureate Organisation (IBO) to release my IB transcript to SUTD?

Yes, you will have to authorise the International Baccalaureate Organisation (IBO) to release your International Baccalaureate (IB) transcripts to SUTD. Please approach your school’s IB Diploma Programme coordinator for more details.

---------------------------
What is the minimum IB score for admissions? What subjects should I take in IB?

We do not have a minimum IB score requirement as we practise a comprehensive review of applications where we consider all
academic
and
personal attributes
to assess if you are able to cope with the rigour of our programme and will fit in well in SUTD.
For the former, it is recommended that you have taken Higher Level Mathematics (either MAA or MAI) and at least one Higher Level Science subject, eg. Physics or Chemistry, though students with other subject combinations will also be considered. We will also take into consideration your grades at IBDP Year 4, O-level or equivalent.
For the latter, through your participation in co-curricular activities, accomplishments, teacher’s recommendations, and responses to our personal insight questions, we hope to gain a better understanding of you as an individual, and if you have the attributes to flourish in SUTD.

---------------------------
Is it necessary to take Physics major at Year 6 for admission to SUTD?

It is not necessary to undertake Physics major at Year 6 for admission to SUTD. We also consider other Sciences as relevant subjects for evaluation of admission to SUTD.

---------------------------
What is the minimum CAP score for admissions?

We do not impose a minimum CAP score requirement as we practise a comprehensive review of applications where we consider all
academic
and
personal attributes
to assess if you are able to cope with the rigour of our programme and will fit in well in SUTD.
On the academic aspect, beyond your CAP, we also consider how you performed in the relevant subjects, e.g. Mathematics and the Sciences. Students who took Majors with Honours in the relevant subjects will be considered favourably. You should also possess a good pass in the relevant subjects at Year 4.

---------------------------
Can a local polytechnic student apply with only 5 semesters results? Will those applying with a full set of Poly results have an advantage?

If you are currently in your final semester, you can apply by submitting results from your first five semesters during the
application window
, and upload your final transcript
within three days upon receipt
. There will not be any advantage accorded to either groups applying with five semesters or full diploma results.

---------------------------
Does SUTD accept PFP instead of GCE O-Level results for admission?

We do consider your PFP results. In addition, we will also take into consideration your performance in relevant modules in the diploma, e.g. Engineering/Computing Mathematics, in our evaluation of your application for admissions.

---------------------------
What are your minimum CGPA requirements?

We do not impose a minimum CGPA requirement, as we evaluate all applications on a comprehensive basis. Beyond your CGPA, we also consider how you performed in relevant subjects, e.g. Engineering/Computing Mathematics.
Your grades in the advanced modules will also be taken into consideration. You should also possess a good pass in your Additional Mathematics and Science subjects, i.e. Physics or Chemistry, in the GCE O-Level or equivalent qualification.

---------------------------
Are all diplomas accepted for admission?

Generally, diplomas from the School of Engineering, Information Technology, Architecture or Sciences are considered more relevant to SUTD’s courses and hence will be assessed more favourably for admission. However, other diplomas may still be considered on a case-by-case basis.